Gwenevere Abriel: Should be Adam
Should I cancel February 27 at 7am individual therapy.
JESSICA G: Sorry about that.
JESSICA G: I think I'm getting sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
JESSICA G: Yeah, I'm getting sick. And then I had like a lot of phlegm in my chest and it was coming on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sounds like you got something like a cold is it just the congestion and a sore throat.
JESSICA G: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, and there is a sore throat or there's not
JESSICA G: Yeah, there's a sore throat. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are hanging out with little kids that you don't normally hang out with. Right.
JESSICA G: Mm hmm. Those little
Gwenevere Abriel: Bug carriers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are cute, but they're all incubators
JESSICA G: Especially those kids.
JESSICA G: Run around a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've been taking the six milligram that's I'm not making you anything in particular that's not contributing to the tired feeling
JESSICA G: No one actually last night, I took a
JESSICA G: What is it called
Gwenevere Abriel: Quantity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quantity a whole tablet.
JESSICA G: No, just
JESSICA G: Just to have because I'm not a medication. I was had been having a hard time at the pharmacy, like the day when I called you guys like yeah I'm one of the pharmacy tests. He was like trying to make it impossible for me to get thing medication because I went like at night.
JESSICA G: Because I was already out and I told them.
JESSICA G: You know who's like, I spoke to you over the phone. And then he was like, I thought I told you to come tomorrow.
JESSICA G: Just have to go pharmacist, the
JESSICA G: Pharmacist or something like that. No, it's like, well, yeah, I know. I'm sorry. What time is the pharmacist given. And he was like, We're open 24 hours. And I was like, okay, but what's happened is a person like he's like there's there's one here. There's always one on on
JESSICA G: On the floor and then I'll say, Well, can I talk to him and he was like, Sure. So the pharmacist was like okay you know your your Medicaid is gonna deny it, but I can sell it to you which that other dude was like, I can't even sell it to you, since it's a controlled substance and
Gwenevere Abriel: They can sell it for cash right for Direct Pay. I mean, it's expensive. But yeah, do that.
JESSICA G: Yeah, well, that guy. And then whenever he heard about that guy. He was standing there whenever he heard that that that was gonna sell it to me.
JESSICA G: He started like doing the math, like, Oh, well, it's supposed to be this merging and she's not she wasn't supposed to run out yet. And I was like, it's because the label is off, it's supposed to be.
JESSICA G: It's supposed to be six milligrams, not for and so like I was just trying to make it impossible for me and I wasn't, I was reaching him over the phone because I'm
JESSICA G: I called and he put me on hold and then it rang, and hung up.
JESSICA G: On. So I was like, well, you know, like this is pretty important to me. I got put on hold. Are you gonna be able to help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So here's
Gwenevere Abriel: The thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know about the formula. Grab that part that information is confusing. That sounds like an old order.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I wonder is, if maybe you just needed to have ignored that maybe the doctor should have canceled that and maybe you should have picked up a six instead. Is that what happened.
JESSICA G: Um, I'm not sure. I don't know what happened. I let. I let them know that you know that it's supposed to be six milligrams brings a little bit of a mixed up with the
JESSICA G: With the dose aging. Um, so I waited there for the for them to get my medication and then under said take it under your tongue. And so it was 71
JESSICA G: And so
Yeah.
JESSICA G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that seven is now i'm i'm really more lost than anything but so February 21 doctor every all rights a 60
milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like she gave me 333 of the six milligrams. Right.
JESSICA G: Now, I was, um, I was seven of the two milligrams
JESSICA G: So I had to put three under my tongue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I see seven films.
Gwenevere Abriel: To milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so they were two milligrams. So 246246
Gwenevere Abriel: So if they're two milligrams and makes sense. You wouldn't put three under there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here's my thinking regarding that regarding the pharmacist when a doctor writes an order.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a pharmacist doesn't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is whether. Notice how we went up a dose. We went up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pharmacy this tech doesn't know that he's acting outside of his role.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's trying to act like a treatment provider where he's doing what the doctrine. I do, is we're watching your dose to make sure you're not self medicating and things like that. He's stepping outside of his role but pharmacist doesn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't do that that's not their role they stepped outside their lane.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something you might say, of course, we want to say it very politely, because these are people are going to be interacting with again. So we don't have piss them off, but you might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it ship just does it show a new order my doctor and I are in close coordination every week. Sometimes twice a week regarding changes in my prescription that isn't something
Gwenevere Abriel: Sir, you would be aware of. Right. You wouldn't be aware of that. That's between my doctor and I, is there a viable order.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, I mean, you don't want to say it rude, obviously, but their job. There's a whole database to show whether your doctor shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to another pharmacy, they're going to be able to see a doctor, Solomon, Dr. Aubrey I'll review them Dr elements great at he does it every single time he meets with the clients in group. They can see whether people are doctor shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's a database that keeps an eye on that and Dr brielle and I kind of touch base. I left. So I kind of check in on what a dose your app, but she that's her job. She doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Count out the strips. That's what this tech is supposed to do. He's supposed to read the script and follow what the doctor said
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that help at all, not to piss him off not trying to get him in
JESSICA G: Trouble.
JESSICA G: Trying to empower you see
Gwenevere Abriel: That a doctor gets to decide, he she could decide right now. I want her at 24 milligrams and put in an order right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: She could do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what is this, what is this tech going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Well, he's going to look as
Gwenevere Abriel: Old, why were you at Fort he had started for him to decide how much you have left, he can decide whether the insurance will cover it. Yes, that's in his training.
Gwenevere Abriel: That, that makes sense. But for him to decide whether you run out. That's none of his business. He went outside his lane. We were there the insurance will cover it. Yes, that's a conversation appropriate that man needs more training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he would have heard it for me. Don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not want to get a conversation with me.
JESSICA G: Yeah, well I just did. I stayed quiet because I tried. I tried talking and
JESSICA G: They just blew me off. So I was just like, you know what he's doing. I'm not sure to walk away. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, that was in person.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so the pharmacist did did the pharmacist behave a little bit more professionally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So when you have ignorance with ego.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a drama about to happen. This man doesn't know enough and isn't humble enough to get information. So he blocked.
Gwenevere Abriel: And made it about blah, blah, blah. That is business.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not. It is business.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I figured I figured I was like okay you're sitting there counting down the days to the pharmacist, the pharmacist just looks like whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there was a little bit of validation, to your point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, who
JESSICA G: I hate when that happens, and because
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you guys have to keep going there, week after week after week, and I don't like to think that
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be you know disinterested and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have compassion for the ignorant. It just doesn't know. And unfortunately, right. We don't have to point it out, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Just ask for the pharmacist. Hey, you and I tend to have a little confusion. Let me just talk to the pharmacist don't even start with them, then you start to say, I know. I'd rather talk to the pharmacist about my medications really importantly, don't even talk to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be sweet and you could you have the right to do that at a pharmacy. Just ask for pharmacist.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, good text will say, do you want to speak with the pharmacy about your medication. Right.
JESSICA G: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.
JESSICA G: Yes.
JESSICA G: We have question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. And you do so you might as well just started. Yeah, I got some questions for my pharmacist and she was. See if you could get ahold of them just bring him over. You don't even have to chit chat with that other fella.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm hand. So, how we doing on how you're doing emotionally. What's the dream life like kind of tell me a little bit about that.
JESSICA G: It's just been awesome.
JESSICA G: It's been I'm
JESSICA G: Like okay, except for a little while ago when I fell back asleep.
JESSICA G: And I started dreaming that I was, I was in, I was somewhere. I don't know exactly where it's been a lot of traveling dreams lately and I get stuck or I get in trouble or something.
JESSICA G: Um, so, so we were at like this.
JESSICA G: It was like a zoo type thing, and where you get to like in this isn't the first time I've had a dream where I'm like, in some kind of enclosure with the animals and stuff. And like two people are allowed to view them, but then all of a sudden the animal start getting out.
JESSICA G: The animal start getting that and I'm like finding a way to get like get away from the out animals and get you know all over
JESSICA G: The place and
JESSICA G: And it's just weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remind me because i i i might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean to be insensitive but I wanted to ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can just say not ready to talk about it, but that that time in in Mexico was that purely that you went there for for drug use or was there something sort of traumatic that that brought you to Mexico.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I was just riding along with
JESSICA G: My boyfriend at the time.
JESSICA G: And like we'd be we drive around like do illegal stuff and then take the
JESSICA G: Legal merchandise across the border.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: Then we ended up getting stuck there and they just like a bonded us in the motel room for like four days.
JESSICA G: And it was it was me, it was us and ammonia couple, but I wanna fight with the girl.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I can show you what the girl like in a physical fight. And then, um,
JESSICA G: So the other guy took her to took them to his house because obviously he knew him better and
JESSICA G: We stayed at that Motel and
JESSICA G: Like they weren't able to get any we didn't get any
JESSICA G: So we had money but we didn't have drugs.
JESSICA G: And now that area that guy who'd like right around that area didn't like that specific drug getting like that drug and he found out using
JESSICA G: You know, get rid of you. And so they had to drive to what s, which is like two hours away to go pick up. And finally, that dude that we went there with was like okay well I'm that he actually went to the motel room where we were already like and
JESSICA G: You already like in day for withdraw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, miserable. Good. Great.
JESSICA G: Thanks for withdraw.
JESSICA G: In a motel room in Mexico. It's so hot.
JESSICA G: Cold water.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the spectrum fun that is way up there on the not fun.
Yeah.
JESSICA G: Okay. Okay, so let me
JESSICA G: Make it short. We ended up getting the drug day we stayed there a few more weeks and I don't know why. And then
JESSICA G: He ended up trying to cross the border and I stayed back and they took him to jail.
JESSICA G: Because he had a warrant. And so I stood by myself there.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a hotel by yourself.
JESSICA G: No, no. So by the time we were already in this dude's brother's house who worked for the cartel.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it. Okay, so you're there. Hi, I'm assuming you still have a decent supply it was heroin at that point.
JESSICA G: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you doing at that point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, mercy.
JESSICA G: Um, so we ran out. So that's why he wanted to cross the border.
JESSICA G: Okay, um,
JESSICA G: He was taken and
JESSICA G: Luckily, luckily, God, putting me has always put me in like the
JESSICA G: Like decent people in my, in my way. You know, and they offered me a bite to eat. They offered me, you know, a dream.
JESSICA G: I'm using know so it wasn't bad people.
JESSICA G: The two guys who worked for the cartel had a big house and both to the girlfriends whether when other ladies was older and so she was doing. I was like looking out for me. And then the other younger girl. She was looking out for me to like she was cold and everything that
JESSICA G: They were both just really nice people. You know, I've got remote control.
JESSICA G: And so I called my mom and I was like, Mom, I'm stuck here in Mexico, and I don't have money. I don't have anything. And she was like, well, the only way you're going to be able to leave there is, if I can pick you up. Otherwise, I'm not going to help you.
JESSICA G: I was like, okay, that's what I kind of wanted to do anyway.
JESSICA G: Right. Come pick me up. Yeah. And so she went and picked me up.
JESSICA G: That's in Columbus, New Mexico. So we went through them in Toronto.
JESSICA G: And I was like, so like withdrawn, this whole time and
JESSICA G: Then we went to Albuquerque through from Roswell to Albuquerque. And there I was able to get some like
JESSICA G: Like I couldn't get you some some Suboxone to help me with the
JESSICA G: With the withdrawn and they wouldn't they just wouldn't let me she want my older brother and my older brother, you know, he got in his aggressive mode and
JESSICA G: I was just like, Please, just like I'm like I'm doing really bad right now like right. I need you know I won't leave. I'll come back. I won't leave. And I guess they didn't believe me and
JESSICA G: So we just left and I just did it. I hadn't heard I try and
JESSICA G: Do tax about that Tuesday, because I know because the other day. OK, so my brother went to California. They were recording. They were driving up in the hills.
JESSICA G: They were recording his girlfriend and on one of the parts when she was recording. I could hear my mom in the background talking about that day.
JESSICA G: Like saying like, you remember when we brought Jessica all all crazy, she was acting all CRAZY. And she was crying and screaming I just told her you know Monica.
JESSICA G: I can be mad at you because it's my own fault because I did it. I did it. And it's true. And I just, I ain't hurtful. The way you are saying
JESSICA G: She got so offended. In a few days ago. She was like, I just want you to know that I'm hurt you hurt my feelings.
JESSICA G: hurt your feelings, because you are talking about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica.
JESSICA G: Sorry, I tried to
JESSICA G: Do all that
Gwenevere Abriel: You run across that term yet gaslighting
JESSICA G: Is that what she was doing. I've heard it before, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me tell you something. The people that if they've never really understood what it is, it can be really liberating for the client, because you finally get i'm not i'm not the crazy one
Gwenevere Abriel: This other person is doing this behavior to make it seem like to always have me off balance.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be kind of a nice feeling to finally get what what someone's doing to you. Um, do you want to know more about it.
JESSICA G: Sure.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't, we don't really have time to do any of those sort of, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychotherapy interventions, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, what's your last girl.
JESSICA G: Is it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me find it. This I have this good video. Let me, let me see if I can just find it quickly. Okay, I have it bookmarked. I just want to make sure show all type in, if not, I'm sure it's still up
Gwenevere Abriel: The nice thing about it is if it does resonate with you. I can send you a list of, like, five things to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: The completely
Gwenevere Abriel: cuts it off like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's done.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you know, there was things that you can do to not get hooked anymore. I'm not saying happens overnight, but let me just make sure this right one scott brown hair. This is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's 12 minutes long. Let me see what of that someone we may not be able to get all the way through it. She talks kind of slow. Let me just switch. I'm going to move it maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple mess. There is confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything is upside down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reality is being cancelled and nothing means anything
Gwenevere Abriel: The term gaslighting refers to when someone manipulates you
Gwenevere Abriel: In questioning your own sanity.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a term we are hearing a lot of right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a term. I'm very familiar with.
Gwenevere Abriel: People are perhaps confused with how to manage and to cope with the situation. And that's where I can help.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I was in my mid 30s.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had a meeting with my editor and it was my first major journalism assignment for the Sunday Times magazine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gone to meet him for a drink and I was feeling hopeful. I was feeling like things might work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: As I was leaving another writer arrived.
Gwenevere Abriel: This writer recognized me from when I was a child, and he said, Are you so and so's daughter and I replied, Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he'd been against at one of my mother's dinner parties.
Gwenevere Abriel: After I left this meeting my editor told me
Gwenevere Abriel: That he had said how I always wondered how that little girl would survive. I had thought her only chances or suicide or murder.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you told me this line. I felt validation, because here was this person who had actually witnessed what I knew to be true and it confirmed
What I knew
Gwenevere Abriel: So he had said two options suicide or murder. Why would he say that and
JESSICA G: What does this have to do with
gaslighting
Gwenevere Abriel: I grew up in an environment that from the outside, seemed
JESSICA G: No, no, no.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I made sure you're falling right
JESSICA G: Sorry, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She grew up in a pretty middle to upper class kind of environment right
JESSICA G: So she's starting to tell her story.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit. So you heard what this
Gwenevere Abriel: editor said right he had this guy had seen this, this woman as a little girl in her home environment had been to, you know, a dinner party and saw this little girl. And this man says I had always wondered if that little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: would survive for only options. Murder. Murder right or suicide. Like, that's how miserable and crazy making
Gwenevere Abriel: Even just outside of this guest at a dinner party looking probably doesn't even know this little girl as had assessed how toxic how confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she's telling your story. So enviable so upper middle class, whatever. My mother was a very glamorous poet and an artist, and there were always very interesting people around.
Gwenevere Abriel: The bohemian world.
Gwenevere Abriel: She loved entertaining and there would be raucous parties on weeknights I would be in my bed trying to go to sleep, and I would be woken up with trunk and laughter noise outside the bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes these people would come into my room to escape from the crowd and they would sit and they would smoke and they would use the bathroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And other times I would get up in my nightgown and open the door and shout desperately. Please, can people be quiet. It's a school night I have to go to sleep. I have to get up tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: My mother would reply Ariel kind of during the party or she would say after the belly dancer. Everyone will go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was total bombardment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the following morning what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: To her about the situation and it was as though this disruption had never happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I thought had happened, I was being told had not happened right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened.
JESSICA G: I was thinking did
Gwenevere Abriel: Not happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where the child aka you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can either I either go crazy. See what my reality is being denied. That's what's happening here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that I was making a big deal out of nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I confronted her with the facts. They were bad in a way
Gwenevere Abriel: I was sprayed with words of adoration and words of content.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're stupid idiot, and I wish you had never been born
Gwenevere Abriel: When I confronted her about having said this to me. I was told I was making it up and that it was a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: So it wasn't just that my reality was canceled, but my perceptions of reality were overwritten.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of the most insidious things about gaslighting is the denial of reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: being denied what you have seen with your own eyes, and you know to be true being denied an experience that you have had and you know is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, the ratio of the abuse was worse than the abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it can make you crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are not crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I developed more strategies they helped me and at the time I didn't even know they were stressed, so listen closely. I'll be making
Gwenevere Abriel: These uncertain times going to share them with you and maybe they can help you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one is to remain defiant
Gwenevere Abriel: When I was a little girl. I wrote a story about running away from home and when my mother saw the story. She said it wasn't true, and demanded that change it and I didn't change it. I actually yelled out, I am not changing my story I not
Gwenevere Abriel: This defiance was key because I was trusting my version of reality and not allowing it to be altered on. Yes, that's the first thing for your list of four things. The first one is remain defiant, it doesn't, it's not what it seems like as a teenager. It just means you won't
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't change your reality.
JESSICA G: For anyone
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how you remember it. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is real. This was your perception. These were your feelings. First thing remain defiant
Gwenevere Abriel: This anger protected me. I knew what I knew and it couldn't be erased.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the person gaslighting you will often try to bully you
Gwenevere Abriel: But being defiant is something that does not make you difficult it's being resilient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now recognize that you will never get accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: In my late 20s, I tried to confront you'll never get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: If this is if we're onto something in my consciousness is true. She'll never say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I need to take responsibility of how I deny the reality that will never get there. She will always make it about her feelings, never about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your feelings. She will always be redirecting it to the self. Oh, poor me. How could you. I'm so angry. They'll be no responsibility. I'm so sorry. I need to work on myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to see a professional. I need to do some self healing some self growth really key. And this is where you know you can say to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: There will be none. My mother is who she is. If this is real. If this is what's going on. She will very likely always be that way. The truth about what happened in my childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was sitting with my mother in a Japanese restaurant and I said the words, child abuse, for the first time out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said it playfully so she didn't feel like it was an attack on her and immediately her response was, what about mommy of us.
JESSICA G: Nobody ever talks about now.
Can you imagine
JESSICA G: Awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: For little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have much time. As soon as
Gwenevere Abriel: The robot. Let's see if we can get as far. So what I've learned in that moment was that she would never be able to take accountability for our actions, she would never get it. She would never say, Oh, you're right. You have a point
Gwenevere Abriel: And that acknowledgement was not in the cards.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asserting myself was not just useful, but it was harmful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the person gaslighting you will never be able to respond to logic or reason. And so if you notice if you assert yourself it's harmful notice you spoke up to your mom and she got pissed off, it doesn't work the regular rules for engagement don't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think that you can apply logic and reason you're going to feel let down
Gwenevere Abriel: With this recognition. You are no longer powerless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting go of the wish for it to be different. This is a big one for me because the wish for it to be different is very powerful inoculates you to the tumult
Gwenevere Abriel: It allows you to continue to believe that logic and reason will prevail. So, and after task and this is letting go of hope, basically, that that is gaslight or will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's distressing to the client. It's distressing to her. Maybe you the person who keeps thinking, well, maybe someday.
Gwenevere Abriel: she'll show that she cares about me. Maybe someday, but she got a lead go particularly bad episode. My mother would reassure me that it would never happen again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would happen again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Promises were broken. And I realized that I could not rely on her work.
Gwenevere Abriel: With gaslighting the person gaslighting you makes you feel as though the ground is always shifting beneath your feet. Okay, so, um, my next clients here but
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica. I wanted to know, just at least a little bit of how you're doing as you're watching this, probably for the first time, what you're thinking about
JESSICA G: I know we've seen this before, haven't we
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope so.
JESSICA G: It's a good well we have
JESSICA G: We have, um, but, like,
JESSICA G: I felt like dead and I didn't really know what she was talking about like that. And now that it applies to me and now it's like a completely different story. It's just
JESSICA G: More than my mom like with my mom, I'm already past the point where I've accepted it already. Okay, but what what messing with me right now and it's like I i end up like mentally exhausted, like at the end of the day is with my son's dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
JESSICA G: I feel like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So this might be happening. They're very common in romantic relationships. Okay, so let's confirm a set your alarm so that you can get in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time. Nice and loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's make it for like set it for like 1045 or something. So you
JESSICA G: Better for 10 O'clock usually
Gwenevere Abriel: The last one I got you from March second. Okay.
JESSICA G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. All right, I will talk to you in group.
JESSICA G: Okay, can you ask the doctor, she can push me something till tomorrow, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet. I'll do it right now.
JESSICA G: Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta send a quick message to the doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much for everyone may need a vacation. So let me just do a quick message.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Male I was I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confused about it. I'm probably behind a few steps regarding okay your insurance and the frustration involved in that. I'm just assume I know very, very, very little that I saw a little message come through that you were saying something about
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's not let's just cut to the end part. Do you feel that there has been some solution to being able to have individual therapy and group covered either more so or completely through your carrier
Bethany Shadid: No, there's no resolution.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been trying to get in touch.
Bethany Shadid: With me for billing for quite a while now. I'm all, I called her back. I just told Jamie when I checked in to let her know that I'm available all today because
Bethany Shadid: I was told she contact me on Monday. Um, I'm actually going to have my friend helped me with this because she works in insurance.
Bethany Shadid: And see, because there's gotta be a way if they don't offer services that cover all this from somebody else and make sure the paid for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Right.
Bethany Shadid: That's what I'm trying to get worked out. In the meantime, and I'm like, I've just been paying out of pocket for the visits. I've been to, which is why I only
Bethany Shadid: Have been kind of able to go to one thing week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just finish this. I'm trying to start a conversation. Who's the person in charge of billing. I thought it was Krista beginning, I am hearing from a client.
Gwenevere Abriel: That a person because I don't know. India named
Bethany Shadid: Nick is he and he he is turning he
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the
Bethany Shadid: And the reason
Gwenevere Abriel: Person for billing, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please, please, please, please, please, please direct me so I can add vocation for my client. Let me just get descent. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Otherwise, then be here with no help here. Okay. From my clan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see where this gets us because while we're talking, she can be working to try and figure out who's a good person and this will
Bethany Shadid: Re
Gwenevere Abriel: Really starts a conversation where they say, oh, I'm available. Or I can say, real quick, would you please email. Please check your inbox for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me so it can move it much faster. Once I kind of get my nose in there.
Bethany Shadid: Okay I. The reason I reached out to her just, you know, is because I went back in my emails and found she was the one who additional initially emailed me about the insurance stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, might be just a care navigator or something and really
Bethany Shadid: I heard it was I heard it was her and the one you're talking about Krista
Gwenevere Abriel: Krista beginning
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've worked with Chris
Gwenevere Abriel: I've worked with her several times she presents very confident. So my guess is it has a lot to do with, I don't know, but I don't know who he is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: See, let's see what the pushback is here. Okay, okay, okay. So let's get to it.
Bethany Shadid: Think about it, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your time. This is precious stuff for you. So let's just think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lease parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got an event at work. All of these your life continues to present challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpersonal challenges, think, think about look kind of into the future. It's an hour later, how you want to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: How you want to feel when
Bethany Shadid: You sleep.
Bethany Shadid: Right, I actually feel pretty good today. Okay. And I think using the time I should update you on a few things, but
Bethany Shadid: How would you say
Bethany Shadid: I need to be able to
Bethany Shadid: Leave this section and work on, you know, stuff for me, that doesn't involve work and stuff and
Bethany Shadid: I think I need
Bethany Shadid: I definitely realized that my internal reflection about things.
Bethany Shadid: Take contributes to my ongoing
Bethany Shadid: anxiety and stress, like, and I've been trying to stop at, um,
Bethany Shadid: So, and I still been waking up with migraines every day. I'm a little
Bethany Shadid: Or I should say a little I'm a way of whack. Because I have not gotten my birth control refilled for this month yet and so
Bethany Shadid: I've already emailed my doctor about it and everything, but
Bethany Shadid: I'm it's been too long. I'm just gonna have to go without it this month, but that definitely causes a lot of other things. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so let's look at this again, there's a sense of both wanting to fill me in. Just make sure you check in and see, is this because of an old need right for validation check in on it because I already you're already the good guy here. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm on your side. That's a given.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have to justify it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is there something going on with one of these things that are happening that it's going to be very useful and we can take that story, and we can sort of apply
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been, will you call internal reflection I might say is it rumination. Is it obsessive thinking, Is it staying in the negative neural network is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Worrying about what other people think. Is it some of those things we've already identified and you're just over
Gwenevere Abriel: Using an adaptation that you developed a long time ago. You're just over using this thing and we really just need to shift you over to this other thinking this other doing so that you can be productive because you want to be productive. It sounds like for the day.
Bethany Shadid: Right. That's, yeah, that's it.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, I don't want to get the details, you know, of everything, but there are two things that I think I should update you on my parents and then
Bethany Shadid: I was able to
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we we haven't really bad connect with you talking over you were, um, let's do this for just a minute. Let's turn turn your video off for a little bit because I hate to say it, but the connection is just so bad and I keep talking over you and I hate doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we just flip. What if we flip the order around and you tell me the reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative thinking the obsessive thinking if it is the rumination. If it's been, I've been running through my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thought about myself or this relationship with let's say it's your father or your mother. I keep rethinking replaying this over, could I have done it differently, like can I hear what you're doing inside your head and then we'll get the story after. Can we flip
Bethany Shadid: It. Yeah, okay.
Bethany Shadid: So I would say it's not
Bethany Shadid: Like self.
Bethany Shadid: It's not negative against myself it's and it's not what could I have done differently. It's literally going back over scenarios that took place like the situation with my parents or at work and almost like
Bethany Shadid: gathering evidence or or
Bethany Shadid: Or proof of some kind, and I definitely know that that you know plays into my core issues, you know, meeting to be believed, meeting to be
Bethany Shadid: Good. And I actually told a coworker, a little bit about some of that at work this week because I realize, you know, I told her you know I have this
Bethany Shadid: desperate need to be believed. And so whenever something that touches on that I tend to over explain it. I told her, you can just say, Bethany i got i believe when we can move on.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so, but that's exactly what it is. It's not cutting myself down. It's not anything like that. It's, it's almost like pulling things out and going, yeah. Oh, yeah. Remember that that was, you know, or
Bethany Shadid: And I don't know, I think my mom and dad have always taken it as the victim.
Bethany Shadid: Mentality you know like bringing those things up in conversation. So you know what i mean it's, it doesn't come across to anybody else. The way that I wanted to
Bethany Shadid: Like me defending myself or whatever, it comes across as me feeling sorry for myself.
Bethany Shadid: And I just realized that it takes up so much of my
Bethany Shadid: free time, so right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the scene. Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said it in here like, you know, do I really need to hear your story, or is it already good enough believable enough that you think it, you feel it. You don't have to explain to me. You don't have to explain your coworker.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you haven't given up hope. Remember that those list of things about how to sort of deal with the gaslighting I think you may have backs little, little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: You had contact with them recently, maybe this maybe maybe this one, then they'll get it. Well, I've got some good points. I'll make these points. See, these are, this is proof clearly they're wrong. This is all they'll hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This time. Yeah. Oh, you're back to doing this thing where you wish things were different, yeah and and I
Bethany Shadid: didn't see it coming at all. I know I back slid I just desperately because of the issues at work wanted somebody to hear me, and I, I really went into it with my parents and then got it completely different reaction than I was expecting. And it really devastated me and oh so suck.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it was it's it's it's
Bethany Shadid: It's hard because I can look back and see exactly what was happening. But at the time, you know, they're asking me how my life is and it just all comes out and I don't realize
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey,
Gwenevere Abriel: When these two people ask you how your life is you say just fine. Thank you for asking how is yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do not open our heart right is trust is making vulnerable, the things that are important to us. You make vulnerable to people that have earned your trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the true do that right. I need to earn it first.
Gwenevere Abriel: She needs to he needs to all these different people need to earn it. We need to earn your trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't give it away, give us a little bit. See how if we treat it gently this stuff that you make vulnerable to someone else that's trust you went like this. Why would you do that right you forgot, they're not going to be accountable. They can't sorry about your father, but he's in the same
Bethany Shadid: Business
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he has to survive. He has to maintain his role also
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you you hoped and
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, we should want our parents to choose love and kindness over there, there need to to be right, we wish it was so but
Bethany Shadid: Just right
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got disappointed you hoped that maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a good enough argument they would see your side.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I was so desperate.
Bethany Shadid: To have somebody listen outside of my work, you know,
Bethany Shadid: People, because I I am
Bethany Shadid: I'm not socializing.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's happening there as soon as you go back into church you reconnect. And that has a place to land and
Gwenevere Abriel: For in a loving way. So over these last couple weeks. Does it seem like with all this problem solving this been going on with the lease and maybe with Braveheart that you've had to pull back a little bit and you haven't been able to
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear from people. Oh, I see. Yeah, that's reasonable. I get it. You haven't been able to have that social engagement.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I also the social engagement. I do have right now has been
Bethany Shadid: Really it's added a lot to my plate. And so it's hard. I think to social or or
Bethany Shadid: Try and pursue that when
Bethany Shadid: What you
Bethany Shadid: Know, or what's going on is so draining already
Gwenevere Abriel: So am I. Am I behind here. Are you dating someone or something. Am I missing.
A piece of mo.
Bethany Shadid: Oh gosh, my coworker.
Bethany Shadid: That
Bethany Shadid: They're frightened did
Bethany Shadid: She got so depressed, to the point that my boss had her
Bethany Shadid: Sent to the hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember that.
Bethany Shadid: Actually, and then. Yeah. And then my other co worker.
Bethany Shadid: I'm her son tried to kill themselves this past weekend and she's been in the hospital.
Bethany Shadid: In the ICU with him.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it's, you know, other stuff. But those are the big ones in it.
Bethany Shadid: So, you, you know, want to be there and you end up not in a bad way. But you realize that the interaction. You do have is you pouring out, you know, love and and try to be there for that person. And you're already not doing so great.
Bethany Shadid: But, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I texted you. Just a little check in this weekend or sometime very recently, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You had mentioned that you were with someone
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I guess what I wonder is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it still so familiar. And so habitual to spend time with people that right are kind of unavailable for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're you're in a vulnerable spot and be nice for you to be around people that are emotionally available for you, not again in the role of the giver.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the caregiver, because that's kind of what these friendships are looking like again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's selfish, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we all need to have some people that are maybe their mentors are there people that oh and, you know, I've got this attribute of this quality that maybe you would like to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see any of those people that maybe you could spend some time with
Bethany Shadid: Well, I see exactly what you're talking about. And I definitely
Bethany Shadid: Think that's exactly
Bethany Shadid: It. I think I'm more comfortable around people that are also hurting
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, um,
Bethany Shadid: I don't know. I don't know if it just makes me feel better about myself or
Bethany Shadid: Or if it's that you know these people are able to
Bethany Shadid: Be real
Bethany Shadid: And they don't think you're broken and damaged and
Bethany Shadid: And I think the friends that I do have that are, you know, able to give
Bethany Shadid: Or would be are not able to because of their just their own life. So
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I don't, I would have to
Bethany Shadid: Make new friends and connections, I think.
Bethany Shadid: Outside of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but church has been a place of refueling and replenishment so
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder, has there been a slight drift away from that over the last couple weeks.
Bethany Shadid: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're feeling it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no judgment about it. But this is how it shows up.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now until you internalize this Bethany until you really get
Gwenevere Abriel: That the stuff that you're receiving from the outside that you have it deep inside and then it's yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love to have you surrounded by people that that hold you up to the light to hold you up.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not on to them. Maybe because I'm they might criticize you, or something. I'm not sure it's
Bethany Shadid: You know, it's interesting because as we've been talking about it. It's almost like I cringe thinking about it and
Bethany Shadid: Okay, it feels uncomfortable. I don't think I've
Bethany Shadid: I don't know that I know.
Bethany Shadid: What to look for, I don't know that I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's let me just check on video, we can only
Gwenevere Abriel: Play with the bandwidth. Let's just check on it. Um, let's check and see if it's any good.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your video and
Gwenevere Abriel: Essentially been he just chirping and somebody out there. Yeah, we're you
Bethany Shadid: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just see how this how this goes.
Bethany Shadid: It seems okay from my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, so good. So let's stay there, let's stay with the cringe. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because something just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, why don't I throw out some words and you go, yeah, that's the one that's the one that makes the body cringe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, confident
Gwenevere Abriel: Arrogant
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Narcissistic
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi hyper
Gwenevere Abriel: overly talkative.
Gwenevere Abriel: Demonstrative which means right you very animated in hand motions and storytelling.
Bethany Shadid: No.
Knowledgeable
Gwenevere Abriel: Insightful
Gwenevere Abriel: Busy
Gwenevere Abriel: Selfish
Gwenevere Abriel: Generous
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So curious generous right
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so the
Gwenevere Abriel: Three. I wrote down. We're an arrogance busy arrogant generous.
Bethany Shadid: I think I'm thinking about
Bethany Shadid: Speech specific
Bethany Shadid: Things relationship wise with friends and
Bethany Shadid: I have friends that I love, but
Bethany Shadid: I feel such a
Bethany Shadid: Like if I were to really
Bethany Shadid: Be vulnerable or
Bethany Shadid: Open and
Bethany Shadid: Or allow somebody to love and help me. Yeah, that I would be
Bethany Shadid: kind of trapped
Bethany Shadid: I would, I would not feel comfortable. A lot of my friends are very generous in it does make me feel very comfortable.
Bethany Shadid: And so I live in my, you know, or, or I feel like I would totally have to buy into that person's. It's like an all or nothing like
Gwenevere Abriel: If I got their generosity, I have to believe everything they say I have to agree with everything they say, I'm going to be sacrificing my integrity.
Bethany Shadid: We're getting close that or my time my
Bethany Shadid: My
Bethany Shadid: What I do
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Almost like by doing that, I would give that person, you know, the ability to
Bethany Shadid: Run my life almost it's slick, even though that's not what I'm thinking. I just get the I get the cringe but
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we got here. We've got a half hour. Do you happen to have. I think this is a really for me out here. I can see a lot of what's going on. I know you're in. It's harder to see it.
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the ability to do the bilateral
Bethany Shadid: Do you have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's put those together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how distressed. Are you right now zero to 100. Let me just check in on that hundred
Bethany Shadid: Like 75
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, yeah, that's what I thought. Because I'm recognizing what you're saying right now. So this doesn't surprise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So let's see.
Bethany Shadid: I'm pretty surprised, actually. But I'm glad you know what's going on.
Bethany Shadid: I'm just gonna go with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Just go with it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got your two years two objects over there. Right.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, I want to do some installing with you have those positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoo. I want to do installing as a positive quality figures first
Bethany Shadid: Because you're a
Trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure. Yeah, the nurturing figure and the width wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we want to we want to get those present
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll do a nice slow iteration. Once I haven't done any today, so I gotta find that, oh, it's my finger, because you're on the phone, right.
Bethany Shadid: Now I'm on my iPad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can do the light
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you prefer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you prefer, looking at the corner with my finger or the light
Bethany Shadid: I don't think we've done the finger.
Bethany Shadid: Go for
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that feel
Bethany Shadid: I think I'm able to follow it a little more smoothly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Don't move your head, your, your eyes moving because we only want the bilateral with the eyes. Okay. Okay, so I can dev only you're only my first one. So I won't be hurting my shoulder will do that today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: He okay so we won't do blue light will do my index finger. Great. So let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some imagery, close your eyes for a little bit. Let's pull up that awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of
Gwenevere Abriel: When he
Gwenevere Abriel: Katie
Gwenevere Abriel: They're tough friends who have always looked out for you. They have a good sense of humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have the ability to give you a reality check and get you to a place where you can laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And of course God
Gwenevere Abriel: Protected quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: We have Becky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wilson and of course later on Jesus Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: Becky is sort of embodied in this spiritual imagery as an angel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like a second mama.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: God
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe having Katie having people, it's helpful to have real people. It grounds you even more picturing the quality with Katie and Monique humans aren't perfect. But they can
Gwenevere Abriel: They can still embody these qualities of protective
Gwenevere Abriel: And then also have
Gwenevere Abriel: This imagery of Jesus Christ there with them as well as Becky Wilson as a nurturer and just see who, if it changes. If it doesn't work, just sort of pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then of course the
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise figure is the Holy Spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: If a real or imagined figure does come up
Gwenevere Abriel: To add things or remove things just see if they can all interact in some way. Always for your benefit.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I have a pretty solid imagery of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go ahead and open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's go at this pace. This is nice and slow. Just look at the corner of your iPad, not my finger, necessarily, which is the corner of the iPad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to hold on to that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: We had it pretty solid. A little bit ago
Gwenevere Abriel: These are your people. Is your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: may slow down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're really feeling that presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a scan of your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's any charge left
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice where it is in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can tell me, but just pay attention while you're holding
Gwenevere Abriel: These figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale out of the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Very gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sir,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just something fall
Bethany Shadid: Yes, it'll be ok though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back or something. Maybe split off account or something.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Actually, I felt very good just, you know, right, even, even into before we did the
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Bethany Shadid: They were saying, but my guess my question is am I supposed to be thinking also about the bad thing.
Bethany Shadid: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can rely on my invitation. If I dropped the ball and that's on me, but I didn't. This was just the interweaving of the positive you are really high and distress. So I wanted you to kind of feel a little better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what number you out in distress right now.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I'm good, like a like a 4050
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we were at 75 and now we're at a maybe a 45 at this point.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So still so it's not zero. So notice, and notice how you're good at pretty high level in distress, you're
Bethany Shadid: Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your baseline still pretty high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a good is a good place for sort of stretching and growth in there. So that might be a good place for us. So let's just go there and whenever you this. You do not have to wait for any invitation. You can always pull them in
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't have to wait for me that is available to you.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I started trying to do it on my way to work when I would notice you know getting distressed.
Bethany Shadid: Good. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you can add all of it. I'm going to have them in my tiny little room and my tiny house. I've got a compartment for the things that I don't want to think about right now. I'm only going to be present with the reinforcement of what is absolutely good lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong about me right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want
You just
Gwenevere Abriel: And the rest of it. And you can even take that compartment that container and have it float down the river or whatever your distancing metaphor is let me see if we've got one in here. We don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have a distancing. And we have a jar for your container. Yeah. So, okay, well, I need to get a distancing metaphor in there too. So look, but let's start with this with the time we have. Okay, so let's go to 45 we're at 45
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have this. Now we're going to go to the negative for just a moment. I want you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to accept something means sacrificing
Gwenevere Abriel: Your time
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what else you're sacrificing just name a couple things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think the time, but I don't think it is.
Bethany Shadid: Being being me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being you
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me and comfort.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tracking back because it be good to find the core
Gwenevere Abriel: Memory of this, the Court image. Once the earliest time you realized there was an exchange here I if I'm going to accept this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have to sacrifice.
Gwenevere Abriel: pretty old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, kind of thought, so how how old. How old are you,
Bethany Shadid: Right, don't exactly know
Bethany Shadid: I just remember, I must have been early teens. Okay, but
Bethany Shadid: It was when
Bethany Shadid: I realized
Bethany Shadid: With my mother that gifts are gifts that there's strings attached.
Bethany Shadid: And stepped in it meant I had to have a good attitude. I did.
Bethany Shadid: He had it. I had it and
That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the belief about yourself that you have to pretend
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to pretend that the belief. I can't be me see what it is. What's your truth.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know if I have it all figured out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll just go with this one. Then I have to pretend
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see where that gets us
Gwenevere Abriel: And the positive belief, you would have liked to have had in your teens back then.
Huh.
Bethany Shadid: That if somebody really loves me and is really
Bethany Shadid: My friend.
Bethany Shadid: I don't have to pretend to
Bethany Shadid: For pretend I'm
Bethany Shadid: Like really excited about everything that they want to do, or
Bethany Shadid: That I, you know, bend over that I basically subject myself to everything personal
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself in this idea, right. The opposite of I have to pretend. How do we label the belief the ideal belief I am
Bethany Shadid: Who I am is not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a negative one.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can find a positive one.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you know you did. Perfect. You're doing just beautifully. Let's see if we can get to a positive one. Back then, right, if you could have replaced. I'm not good enough. And I have to pretend that wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: The cognition. If that wasn't the belief and you could have instead had a positive one, one that nourish the soul reinforced who you are your core. What might the belief have been
Bethany Shadid: Good with
Bethany Shadid: Generosity would have been accepted as a positive thing and not reflected on me and how I feel about myself. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are treated. Yeah, you're almost there. If you were treated right if you were given the space to interpret generosity as a real gift, which they're supposed to be no one wants anything in return. That's what gift means okay so if you had the ability if gifts were actually given
Gwenevere Abriel: What might you have believed about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just check and see how you're doing. How distressed. Are you right now. What number are we at
Bethany Shadid: I'm a Gemini. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do some more of the slow. So, we will take will take a little negative that negative one, pull up that negative. You probably got a picture of your mom. Maybe you were a teenager or something like that, okay, I understand that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want you to take that that picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: With them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Realization that worst image and let's integrate the positive images. So get in touch with my people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in touch with them. So it's going to be those two things. It's going to be that worst image that realization as a teenager. It's not a gift. Right. It's something else. Pull in your awareness in your consciousness, all of the resources of protective quality right
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing Jesus Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those
Gwenevere Abriel: Other mama good momma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy Spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the presence of your people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your head still just those little eyes moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's inhale together nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn your introspection in pay attention to your body. See what's being signaled
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's unsettled.
Gwenevere Abriel: And charged
Bethany Shadid: Well that was a pretty perfect way to
Bethany Shadid: Reduce my anxiety level back down or distress.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, because I, the thing that immediately came to me.
Bethany Shadid: Was this selfless love
Bethany Shadid: Christ in him.
Bethany Shadid: Dying for me.
Bethany Shadid: And not expecting anything in return.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm a
Bethany Shadid: You know juxtaposed with what I was learning your, you know, as a child.
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Okay. Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to go with that go with that. Hold that juxtaposition. Hold it pull up that worst image that realization as a teenager. Well, those two together, go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: big belly breath in and
Bethany Shadid: Out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you picking up on
Bethany Shadid: Controlled
Bethany Shadid: I like I feel
Bethany Shadid: How
Bethany Shadid: It's so ingrained in me.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: The connection for the detachment I seek everywhere else, because I don't
Bethany Shadid: You know, I can't
Bethany Shadid: It's so
Great.
Bethany Shadid: It's, it's almost like a different reality you face.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been seeking
Gwenevere Abriel: Detachment elsewhere because you can't get
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. Let's see what happens with that. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. Go with that hold up that WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing
Bethany Shadid: A lot of different relationships.
Bethany Shadid: That
Bethany Shadid: have either been
Bethany Shadid: Afraid or or I
Bethany Shadid: Some for some reason in romantic relationships.
Bethany Shadid: It's
Bethany Shadid: I pour all of me. You know, like, really fast because
Bethany Shadid: I so desperately want to share that connection.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: I don't
Bethany Shadid: How do you, how you were saying earlier, I don't let people I don't give them a little and see if I can trust them with it, give it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm desperate want you to pull pull up that worst image that realization back when you were a team. We're going to go with that this might be our last one. Let's just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you haven't already done it, bring in your people bring them in.
See what happens.
Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: attuned to your own rhythm Bethany just feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your body. It's got its own pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are some of the thoughts or beliefs or physical experiences or emotions that came a little
Bethany Shadid: Well, I realized
Bethany Shadid: After you
Bethany Shadid: Have been, you know, halfway through said, you know, if you haven't already.
Bethany Shadid: I realized I was holding my breath.
Bethany Shadid: Thinking about just how
Bethany Shadid: Desperate. I am for unconditional love.
Bethany Shadid: And then realize the very habits.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: losing sight of that is so easy for me to do.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah yeah I
Bethany Shadid: Never would have made this connection.
Bethany Shadid: Oh geez.
Gwenevere Abriel: No thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's good to know that prayer feels good, you know, remembering, you know that you have come to time and again with imagery, we start with
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we end with this unconditional stuff we end with with God. Jesus with the Holy Spirit we come back to that again and again and again, because it's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Evelyn's about it, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's exactly what you need. You, you cannot be in the space of this mixed message. It's just so uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will
Gwenevere Abriel: Not take care of yourself. You want other people, their feelings. First, you'll do it nine out of 10 times as an
Bethany Shadid: Endless wonder too if there isn't a component that
Bethany Shadid: My I do that with females. And it's the men in romantic relationships that I want that unconditional that commitment that I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, we're almost out of time. I've got to run a group, but let me you don't have. You don't have to do that analysis if you don't want to. You're more than welcome to obviously that's your own mind. But, in my perspective, it's
Bethany Shadid: In general,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's not about gender.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really about that. It's a romantic relationship with the reason
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's not even the romance part. It has to do with we end up hooking up with people okay to heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: They tend to be people that embody I think I've talked to you about this. A Mongo, they tend to have even though we think we're going to go. I'm going to spend time with the opposite person of my mother. I want someone nothing like my father, sure enough, there they are, again,
There with
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how that wasn't there on the first day that I married this person. There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's just kind of our way intrinsically and intuitively to want to heal those wounds wounded relationships. This
Gwenevere Abriel: This relationship, the one that romantic one love is on the line, just like our childhood, this one.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So to have it be that intense can either be healing or again at once. So again, but I wouldn't get too hung up on
Gwenevere Abriel: This year,
Bethany Shadid: No worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if you're right. Today you have things to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you put in your jar having to do what you started to do right at the end, which was analyze. You don't have to
Bethany Shadid: You don't. Okay. You don't have to analyze that you have your list of things to do that you want to accomplish today they made it to the list. Just go to
Bethany Shadid: My
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure it's a great idea.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's the thing I talked about having to analyze and and think, well, what is what in mind, read
Bethany Shadid: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: To do it now. What
Bethany Shadid: So the session, by the way.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Spending your time going to those images. Okay, catch your as soon as you start to analyze do the thought stopping say thank you. You've gotten me as far as I have you've kept me alive. Thank you. You're not going to lose the skill you're not going to lose it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go to faith.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, Neely
Gwenevere Abriel: analysis paralysis face function.
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Really
Bethany Shadid: Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay I record to you again and hopefully I did see a little something that came through that site that they're both in charge of billing
Gwenevere Abriel: What she said to me, she said, Krista and near are in charge of billing, I would. I don't know who he is. I would go back into virtual clinic and say, hey, can someone please
Gwenevere Abriel: schedule a time so that I can either video conference with Krista spinning and I can be there too. I've been there sometimes for a couple minutes. I don't think you'll need me there. But that might get the point across.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you soon. But text me if you need any help for me.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, thank you.
Bethany Shadid: Hey,